<h1> Many Adventures Of Winnie The Pooh </h1>
	

This could be the room of any small boy, but it just happens to belong to a boy named Christopher Robin. Like most small boys Christopher Robin has toy animals to play with, and they all live together in a wonderful world of make-belief. But his best friend is a bear called Winnie the Pooh or Pooh for short. Now Pooh had some very unusual adventures and they all happened right here in the Hundred Acre Wood. 

Deep in the hundred acre wood where Christopher Robin plays 

You'll find the enchanted neighborhood of Christopher's childhood days 

A donkey named Eeyore is his friend and Kanga and little Roo 

There's Rabbit and Piglet and there's Owl, but most of all Winnie the Pooh 

Winnie the Pooh 

Winnie the Pooh 

Tubby little cubby all stuffed with fluff 

He's Winnie the Pooh 

Winnie the Pooh 

Willy nilly silly old bear 

Winnie the Pooh (pooh) 

Winnie the Pooh (pooh) 

Tubby little cubby all stuffed with fluff 

He's Winnie the Pooh 

Winnie the Pooh 

Willy nilly silly old bear 

Winnie the Pooh lived in this enchanted forest under the name of Sanders, which means he had the name over the door in gold letters, and he lived under it. Now when Pooh heard his Pooh-coo clock (pooh-coo, pooh-coo, pooh-coo, pooh-coo, pooh-coo, pooh-coo, pooh-coo, pooh-coo) he knew it was time for something, but he was a bear of very little brain, so when he thought he thought in the most thoughtful way he could think. 

Haven't thought of anything, have you? No, neither have I. Think, think, think. Oh, yes. Time for my stoutness exercise. Up, down, up 

When I up, down, touch the ground 

It puts me in the mood, 

Up, down touch the ground 

In the mood (smack, smack) for food, 

I am stout, round and I have found, 

Speaking poundage wise, 

I improve my appetite 

When I exercise. 

Oh, stuff and fluff, that's better, thank you, now where was I? Oh yes, I'm rumbly in my tumbly. Time for something sweet. 

I am short, fat and proud of that, 

And so with all my might 

I up, down, up, down to 

My appetite's delight! 

While I up, down, touch the ground, 

I think of things to chew, 

(Mmm, like honey, milk, and chocolate) 

With a hefty happy appetite, 

I'm a hefty happy Pooh. 

With a hefty happy appetite, 

He's a hefty happy Pooh 

Oh, bother! Empty again! Only the sticky part's left. 

(Bizzzzz, Buzzzzzz) 

That buzzing noise means something, and the only reason for making a buzzing-noise that I know of is because you're a bee! And the only reason for being a bee is to make honey! And the only reason for making honey is so I can eat it. 

And so Winnie the Pooh climbed the honey tree. He climbed and he climbed and he climbed, and as he climbed he hummed a little hum. 

And I call it my rumbly and my tumbly song. 

Yes, and it went something like this: 

Hum dum de dum, hum dum de dum, 

I'm so rumbly in my tumbly, 

Time to munch an early luncheon, 

Hum de dum dum dum 

Oh I wouldn't climb this tree 

If a Pooh flew like a bee, 

But I wouldn't be a bear then 

So I guess I wouldn't care then! 

Bears love honey and I'm a Pooh bear 

So I do care, so I'll climb there, 

I'm so rumbly in my tumbly, 

Time for something, for something... sweet... to eat! 

If only I hadn't... You see, what I meant to do... It all comes, I suppose of... liking honey so much. Oh, bother. 

Winnie the Pooh crawled out of the gorse-bush, brushed the prickles from his nose and began to think again. 

Think, think, think. 

And the first person he thought of was -Winnie the Pooh? - No, Christopher Robin! Oh. 

Christopher Robin lived in another part of the forest, where he could be near his friends and help them with their problems. On this summer day, gloomy old Eeyore being stuffed with saw-dust had lost his tail again. 

Eeyore, this won't hurt. 

Never does. 

Ooh, heh, heh. 

There now! Did I get your tail on properly Eeyore? 

No matter. Most likely lose it again anyway. 

[Owl] It is my considered opinion that Eeyore's tail should be placed a trifle to the a... right. 

[Kanga] Now, if you would ask me, I think it just a wee bit... 

[Roo] South! 

[Kanga] No, no. North, dear. 

[Christopher Robin] Cheer up, Eeyore! Don't be so gloomy! Try swishing it. 

(Swish, swish, swish, swish, swish) 

[Owl] It worked, it worked! 

[Roo] Oh Goody! Hooray! 

[Eeyore] Thanks. It's not much of a tail, but I'm sort of attached to it. 

[Pooh] Good morning, Christopher Robin! 

Oh, good morning, Winnie the Pooh! 

[Kanga] Good morning, Pooh Bear! 

[Roo] Good morning, Pooh Bear! 

[Eeyore] If it is a good morning, which I doubt. 

[Christopher Robin] What are you looking for Pooh Bear? 

I just said to myself coming along thinking and wondering if you had such a thing as a umm, such a thing Christopher, a as a balloon about you? 

What do you want a balloon for? 

Psst! Honey. 

But you don't get honey with a balloon! 

I do. 

How? 

I just fly like a bee, up to the honey tree, see! 

But, just a minute! You can't fool the bees that way. 

You'll see. Now would you be so kind as to pull me to a muddy place of which I know of. 

So Christopher Robin pulled Winnie the Pooh to the very muddy place. And Pooh rolled and rolled until he was black all over. 

There, now. Isn't this a clever disguise? 

What are you supposed to be? 

A little black rain cloud, of course. 

Hmmm. Silly old bear. 

Now would you aim me at the bees, please? 

Careful, Pooh! Hold on tight. 

Yes. 

Four, 

Yes. 

Three, 

Yes. 

Two, 

Yes. 

One! 

I'm just a little black rain cloud 

Hovering under the honey tree, 

I'm only a little black rain cloud, 

Pay no attention to little me. 

Ev'ryone knows that a rain cloud 

Never eats honey, no, not a nip, 

I'm just floating around over the ground 

Wondering where I will drip. 

Christopher Robin! I think the bees S-U-S-P-E-C-T something. 

Perhaps they think you're after their honey? 

Why it maybe that. You never can tell with bees. 

I'm just a little black rain cloud 

Hovering under the honey tree, 

Christopher Robin! I think it would help with this deception if you would get, kind of open, your umbrella and say: Tut-tut, it looks like rain. 

Tut-tut, it looks like rain, Tut-tut, it looks like rain. 

Ooooh. Christopher Robin, I have come to a very important decision. These are the wrong sorts of bees. 

Excuse me please, bees. 

Christopher Robin! Oh, bother. I think I shall come down. 

I'll catch you Pooh! Ohhh. 

Hurry. Come on! A bee. 

Help! Christopher! Christopher Robin, you never can tell with bees. 

[Narrator] Now Pooh was not the sort to give up easily. When he put his mind to honey, he stuck to it. Now honey rhymes with bunny, and bunny rhymes with...a... 

Rabbit? I like Rabbit, because he uses short easy words like "How about lunch?" and "Help yourself, Pooh" 

[Rabbit] Pooh? Lunch? Oh, no, not again. Oh my, oh my, oh my goodness gracious! 

Is anybody at home? "What I said was, 'Is anybody at home?' 

No. 

Bother. Isn't there anybody here at all? 

Nobody. 

Somebody's there, because somebody must have said "nobody". Oh Rabbit isn't that you? 

Noooo. 

But isn't that Rabbit's voice? 

I don't think so, it isn't meant to be. 

Hallo, Rabbit! 

Oh, oh, hello Pooh Bear. Uh... Pooh Bear? A, uh...uh...What a pleasant surprise! Uh, uh... how about lunch? 

Oh, thank you Rabbit. 

And help yourself, Pooh. Would you like condensed milk, or honey on your bread? 

Both. But, never mind the bread, please. Just a small helping, if you please? 

There you are. Is a... something wrong? 

Well, I didn't mean a little larger small helping. 

But perhaps you'd save time if you took a whole jar. 

Thank you Rabbit. 

So Pooh ate, and ate, and ate, and ate, and ate, and ate, and ate, and ate... and ATE! Until at last he said to Rabbit in a rather sticky voice: 

I must be going now. Good bye, Rabbit. 

Well, good bye, if you're sure you won't have any more. 

Is there any more? 

No, there isn't. 

I thought not. Oh, oh, oooo help and bother. I'm stuck. 

Oh, dear, oh gracious, well, it all comes from eating too much. 

Oh it all comes of not having front doors big enough. 

Oh dear, it's no use, there's only one thing to do, I'll get Christopher Robin. Oh, dear, oh dear, oh dear, oh my, heavens to Betsy. 

Well, if it isn't Pooh Bear. 

Oh hallo Owl. 

Splendid day... to be up and about one's business... Oh, I say, are you stuck? 

No, no, just resting and thinking and humming to myself. 

You, sir, are stuck. A wedged bear in a great tightness. In a word, irremovable. Now obviously this situation calls for an expert. 

Somebody call for excavation expert? I'm not in the book, but I'm at your service. Gopher's the name. Here's my card. What's your problem? 

Yes, yes, yes, yes. It seems the entrance to Rabbit's domicile is impassable. To be exact, plugged. 

And you want me to dig it out? 

Precisely, I say, it's over here my good fellow. 

Fist thing to be done is get rid of that bear. He's gumming up the whole project. 

Dash it all, he is the project. 

Umm... Hard digging, might hit bedrock, danger can happen, risky. Needs planks for bracing. Big job, take two, three days. 

Three days? What about lunches? 

No problem, I always go home for lunch. 

Oh, this will run into money. 

I say, how much 

Er, do the job for hourly wage, plus cover material plus overtime plus 10 percent. 

And your estimate? 

Can't give you an estimate, too risky. 

Blast it all. 

Good id! Will dynamite, save time. 

What's the charge? 

The charge? Oh, about seven sticks of dynamite. 

Oh no no no, the cost, the charge in money? 

No charge account, I work strictly cash. 

Obviously, but I should think... 

Well I can't stand around lollygaging all day, I've got a tight schedule...Think it over. Let me know. You've got my card. I'm not in the book, you know. 

Oh dash it all, he's gone. 

[Pooh] After all, he's not in the book you know. 

Oh. 

[Rabbit] Here we come, don't worry. 

[Christopher Robin] Cheer up, Pooh bear, we're coming. We'll get you out. 

[Eeyore] Well, maybe. 

[Christopher Robin] Silly old bear, here, give me your paw. 

Oh, it's no use, I'm stuck. 

Well, if we can't pull you out Pooh, perhaps we can push you back. 

[Rabbit] Oh, no, not that. Oh, my gracious, oh dear. Having got this far, it seems a pity to waste it. 

[Christopher Robin] Pooh bear, there's only one thing we can do, wait for you to get thin again. 

Oh bother, how long will that take? 

[Eeyore] Days, weeks, months, who knows. 

[Rabbit] Oh dear, if I have to face that, that thing for months. ... Make the best of it. Oh, no! There it is again! Well, I'll just turn it to the wall. Oh, dear! Yes, a frame! Aha! No, no, no, no. No. Nice.... And a splash of color. Oh, it, it, it just doesn't have that rustic and proper look. There. A hunting trophy. I know just the thing. 

Something tickles. 

Oh, Pooh! You mess up my moose! 

[Kanga] Pooh, Roo has a little surprise for you. 

[Roo] Flowers! 

[Pooh] Honeysuckle! 

[Kanga] No, Pooh. You don't eat them--- you smell them. 

[Pooh] Oh. (Sniff) 

[Rabbit] It's not bad, not bad at all. It's rather good I think. 

[Pooh] Awwww.... (Sniff) Awwww... 

[Rabbit] Oh, no, no. 

[Pooh] Chooo! 

[Rabbit] Oh, no, no, help! Why did I ever invite that bear to lunch? Why, oh why, oh why? 

While Pooh's bottom was stuck at the top of page 28, his top was stuck at the bottom of page 30. So both ends waited to get thin again. Day after day, night after lonely night. 

I wonder what's for breakfast? (Snore) Breakfast, (snore) lunch. A lunchbox! 

[Gopher] It certainly is. I'm working at swing-shift you know. Time for my midnight snack. Say, aren't you that stuck up bear? I still think I can blast you out of there. 

What sort of lunch is in that lunchbox? 

[Gopher] Here, a... let me see here... summer squash, summer salad, succotash, custard, and honey. 

Honey? 

[Rabbit] Honey! Oh, no! 

Could you spare a small smackerel? 

Say, you have to do something about that speech impediment, sonny. 

Oh, thank you Gopher. 

[Rabbit] Oh, no, not that, no, no, no, no, no, no. Not one drop! 

But Rabbit, I wasn't going to eat it. I was just going to taste it. 

[Rabbit] I'll taste it for you. 

[Gopher] That supercilious scoundrel confiscated my honey! 

[Rabbit] DON'T FEED THE BEAR! 

[Gopher] I'm gonna skidaddle. I'm not in the book... Eeeeyaaaa...And I'm a dinkdad glad of it. 

And then one morning, when Rabbit was beginning to think that he might never be able to use his front door again, it happened. 

He budged! Hooray! Christopher Robin! Christopher Robin! He bidged! He badged! He boodged! ... 

Hurray for you 

Hurray for me 

Hurray, Hurray 

The Pooh will soon be free 

Dum da dum pa rum pa rum pa rum 

Now the time has come for proving what the diet did for Pooh 

And since we pledged he'd be unwedged that's what we're going to do 

He'll be pulled and he'll be tugged and eventually unplugged 

We'll have a tug of war, To open rabbit's door 

Think heave-ish 

Think ho-ish 

And out the Pooh will go-ish 

For mind over matter has made the Pooh un-fatter 

Heave! 

Ho! 

Heave! 

Ho! 

Heave Heave Heave Heave Heeeeeeeeave. (Pop!) 

[Rabbit] There he goes! 

[Gopher] Suffering sassafras. He is sailing clean out of the book. Quick, turn the page. 

[Eeyore] Stuck again. 

[Christopher Robin] Don't worry, Pooh! We'll get you out. 

[Pooh] No hurry! Take your time. Yum, yum. 

Bears love honey and I'm a Pooh bear 

Yum Yum Yum Yum 

Time for something sweet 

[Narrator] So we come to the next chapter, in which... 

[Pooh] But I haven't finished yet! 

[Narrator] But Pooh, you're in the next chapter. 

[Pooh] Oh, what happens to me? 

[Narrator] Well, let's turn the page and find out. 

[Narrator] Now one fine day the east wind traded places with the west wind, and that's turned things up a bit all through the Hundred Acre Wood. Now, on this blustery day Pooh decided to visit his thoughtful spot. 

[Pooh] Yes, and on the way I made up a little hum. And it hummed something like this: 

Hum dum dum ditty dum 

Hum dum dum 

Oh the wind is lashing lustily 

And the trees are thrashing thrustily 

And the leaves are rustling gustily 

So it's rather safe to say 

That it seems that it may turn out to be 

It feels that it will undoubtedly 

It looks like a rather blustery day, today 

It seems that it may turn out to be 

Feels that it will undoubtedly 

Looks like a rather blustery day, today. 

Fortunately, Pooh's thoughtful spot was in a sheltered place. Now he sat down and tried hard to think of something. 

Think, think, think 

[Gopher] Say, what's wrong, sonny? Got yourself a headache? 

No, I was just thinking. 

[Gopher] That's so, what about? 

I, oh bother, you made me forget. 

[Gopher] If I was you I'd think about skiddaddling out of here. 

Why? 

[Gopher] 'Caus it's wind's day. 

Windsday? Oh, I think I shall wish everyone a happy Windsday, and I shall begin with my very dear friend, Piglet. 

[Narrator] Now Piglet lived in the middle of the forest in a very grand house in the middle of a beech tree. And Piglet loved it very much. 

[Piglet] Yes, oops. You see its been in the family a long time, a... it belonged to my grandfather. Oh, that's his name up there, "Trespassers Will", that's short for a...Trespassers William. 

[Narrator] Trespassers William? 

[Piglet] Yes, and Grandma, she called him TW. That's even shorter. 

[Narrator] Yes, yes, yes, and on this blustery day the wind was giving you a bit of a bug. 

[Piglet] Now, you've been here before. I don't mind the leaves that are leaving. It's the leaves that are coming. Whooops. 

[Pooh] Happy Windsday, Piglet . 

[Piglet] Well, it isn't very happy for me. 

Where're you going Piglet? 

That's what I'm asking myself, where? Whhooooops! P-P-P-P-POOH! 

What do you think you will answer yourself? 

Oh, oh, oh... I'm unraveling! Whooops. Ohhh. That was a close one! 

Hang on tight Piglet! 

Oh dear, oh dear, dear! 

[Roo] Look Momma, look! A kite! 

[Kanga] Oh my goodness! It's Piglet! 

[Pooh] Happy Windsday Kanga, happy Windsday Roo! 

[Roo] Can I fly Piglet next Pooh? 

[Piglet] Oh dear, oh dear, dear! 

[Eeyore] There, that should stand against anything. 

[Piglet] Oh help, help! Somebody save me! (CRASH). 

[Pooh] Happy Windsday Eeyore! 

[Eeyore] Thanks for noticin' me. 

[Pooh] Oh, bother. 

[Rabbit] What a refreshing day for harvesting. 

[Pooh] Happy Windsday Rabbit! 

[Rabbit] Pooh Bear! Stop! Oh, come back. Oh no, oh no, oh no. OH YES! Next time I hope he blows right through my rutabaga patch. 

[Owl] Who, who, who is it? 

[Piglet] It's me. P-P-Please, may I come in? 

[Owl] Well I say now. Someone has pasted Piglet on my window. Well, well, Pooh too! This is a surprise! Do come in and make yourselves... comfortable. Am I correct in assuming it is a rather blustery day outside ? 

[Piglet] Yes sir, Owl, it's a very, very blustery day, outside. 

[Pooh] Oh yes, that reminds me, happy Windsday Owl! 

My good fellow, I wouldn't go so far as to call it a Windsday, just a gentle spring zephyr. 

Excuse me Owl, is there honey in that pot? 

Oh yes, yes, of course, help yourself. Now as I was saying this is just a mild spring zephyr compared to the big wind of '67, or was it a... '76? Oh well, no matter. Oh, I remember the big blow well. 

[Piglet] I'll remember this one too. 

It was the year my Aunt Clara went to visit her cousin. Now her cousin was not only gifted on the glockenspiel, but being a screech owl, also sang soprano in the London Opera. 

[Pooh] Thank you Piglet. 

You see her constant practicing so unnerved my aunt that she laid a c-note down by mistake! 

(Owl's Tree crashes to the ground). 

[Piglet] Oh dear, oh dear, dear! 

Well I say now, someone has, Pooh, did you do that? 

I don't think so. 

[Narrator] As soon as Christopher Robin heard of the disaster, he hurried to the scene of Owl's misfortune. 

[Christopher Robin] What a pity! Owl, I don't think we will ever be able to fix it. 

[Eeyore] If you ask me, when a house looks like that, it's time to find another one. 

[Christopher Robin] That's a very good idea Eeyore. 

[Eeyore] It might take a day or two, but I'll find a new one. 

[Owl] Good, that will just give me time to tell you about my Uncle Clyde, a very independent barn owl. He didn't give a hoot for tradition, he became an namable pussy cat and went to sea in a beautiful pea-green boat. 

[Narrator] Owl talked from page 41 to page 62, and on page 62 the blustery day turned into a blustery night. To Pooh it was a very anxious sort of night, filled with anxious sorts of noises, and one of the noises was a sound that had never been heard before. 

Grrrr 

Piglet. Is that you, Piglet ? 

Grrrrowl. 

Oh tell me about it tomorrow, Eeyore? 

Grrrrowl 

Come in Christopher Robin. 

Now Pooh being a bear of very little brain decided to invite the new sound in. 

Hello out there. Oh I hope nobody answers. 

Hello, I'm Tigger! 

Oh, you scared me. 

Yeah, sure I did. Hoo-hoo-hoo-hoo! Everyone's scared of Tiggers. Who are you? 

I'm Pooh. 

Oh, Pooh, sure. What's a Pooh? 

You're sitting on one. 

I am? Oh ,well, glad to meet you! Name's Tigger. T I double Ga eR. That spells Tigger. 

But what is a Tigger? 

Well, he asked for it... 

The wonderful thing about Tiggers 

Is Tiggers are wonderful things 

Their tops are made out of rubber 

Their bottoms are made out of springs 

They're bouncy, trouncy, flouncy, pouncy 

Fun, fun, fun, fun, FUN! 

But the most wonderful thing about Tiggers 

Is I'm the only one. 

I'm the only one 

(GRRrrrrrr...) 

Then what's that over there? 

Oh, look, look, look! What a strange looking creature! Look at those beady little eyes and that preposterous chin and those ricky tickin striped pajamas. 

Looks like another Tigger to me. 

Oh no it's not. I'm the only Tigger! Watch me scare the stripes of that impostor. Grrrr! Is he gone? 

All except the tail. He's gone. You can come out now, Tigger. Tigger ? 

Hello, I'm Tigger! 

You said that. 

Oh, did I say I was hungry? 

I don't think so. 

Now I say it. I'm hungry. 

Not for honey, I hope. 

Honey! A pot of honey. That's what Tiggers like best. 

I was afraid of that. 

Oh say, YUCK! Tiggers don't like honey! 

But you said that you liked... 

That sticky stuff is only fit for Heffalumps and Woozles. 

You mean Elephants and Weasels. 

That's what I said, Heffalumps and Woozles. 

What do they do? 

Oh, nothing much, just steal honey. 

Steal honey? 

Yes sure do, well I'd better bounce along now chum. Cheerio ! 

The wonderful thing about Tiggers 

Is Tiggers are wonderful things 

Their tops are made out of rubber 

Their bottoms are made out of springs 

They're bouncy, trouncy, flouncy, pouncy 

Fun, fun, fun, fun, FUN! 

But the most wonderful thing about Tiggers 

Is I'm the only one. 

I'm the only one. 

If what Tigger said was true, and there really were Heffalumps and Woozles about, there was only one thing to do; take drastic precautions to protect his precious honey. 

Oh, hallo, am I glad to see you? It's more friendly with two. Now, you go that way and I'll go this way. You didn't see anything, did you ? Neither did I. 

Now the very blustery night turned into a very rainy night. And Pooh kept his lonely vigil, hour after hour, after hour, until at last Pooh fell fast asleep and began to dream. 

[Tigger] Heffalumps and Woozles, Heffalumps and Woozles steal honey, beware, beware! 

They're black they're brown they're up their down 

They're in they're out they're all about 

They're far they're near they're gone they're here 

They're quick and slick and insincere 

Beware Beware Be a very wary bear 

A Heffalump or Woozle is very confusel 

The Heffalump or Woozle is very sly 

sly - sly - sly 

They come in ones and twoosels 

but if they so choosels 

before your eyes you'll see them multiply 

ply - ply - ply 

They're extra-ordinary so better be wary 

Because they come in every shape and size 

size - size - size 

If honey is what you covet you'll find that they love it 

Because they guzzle up the thing you prize 

They're green they're blue they're pink they're white 

They're round they're square they're a terrible sight 

They tie themselves in horrible knots 

They come in stripes or polka-dots 

Beware Beware Be a very wary bear 

{musical interlude} 

They're extra-ordinary so better be wary 

Because they come in every shape and size 

size - size - size 

If honey's what you covet you'll find that they love it 

Because they guzzle up the things you prize 



They're black they're brown they're up their down 

They're in they're out they're all about 

They're far they're near they're gone they're here 

They're quick and slick and insincere 

Beware Beware Beware Beware Beware .... 

[Pooh] Is it raining in there? It's raining out here too. 

[Narrator] As a matter of fact it was raining all over the Hundred Acre Wood. There was a thunderstorm on page 71, and on page 73 there was a bit of a cloudburst. It rained, and it rained, and it rained. 

The rain rain rain came down down down 

in rushing rising rivlets 

Till the river crept out of its bed 

and crept right into Piglet's 

For Piglet he was frightened with quite a rightful fright 

And so in desperation a message he did write 

Help! 

P-P-Piglet 

Me! 

He placed it in a bottle and it floated out of sight 

And the rain rain rain came down down down 

so Piglet started bailing 

He was unaware atop his chair 

while bailing he was sailing 

And the rain rain rain came down down down 

and the flood rose up-up-upper 

Pooh too was caught and so he thought 

I must rescue my supper 

Ten honey pots he rescued enough to see him through 

But as he sopped up his supper 

The river sopped up Pooh 

And the water twirled and tossed him 

In a honey pot 

... rain rain rain came down down down 

when the rain rain rain came down down down ... (fade) 

[Narrator] So the Hundred Acre Wood got floodier and floodier, but the water couldn't come up to Christopher Robin's house, so that's where everyone was gathering. It was a time of great excitement. But in the midst of all excitement Eeyore stubbornly stuck to his task of house hunting for Owl. 

[Eeyore] There's one. Cozy cottage. Nice location. Bit damp for Owl though. 

Meanwhile little Roo made an important discovery. 

[Roo] Look! I've rescued a bottle! And it's got something in it too! 

[Christopher Robin] It's a message! And it says: "Help! P-P-Piglet. ME!" Owl, you fly over to Piglet's house, and tell him we'll make a rescue. 

A rescue ! Yes, yes, of course, of course. 

So Owl flew out over the flood and he soon spotted two tiny objects below him. One was little Piglet caught in the whirlpool and the other was Pooh trying to get the last bit of honey from the pot. 

[Pooh] Yum, yum. 

[Piglet] Oh, Owl, I don't need ... but I'm afraid, I'm scared. 

[Owl] Now, now Piglet, chin up and all that sort of thing. A rescue is being thought of. Be brave, little Piglet ! 

[Piglet] It's awfully hard to be brave when you're such a small animal. 

[Owl] Then to divert your small mind from your unfortunate predicament I should tell you an amusing antidote. It concerns a distant cousin of mine who became so frightened during a flood that he... 

[Piglet] I beg your pardon Owl, but I t-t-think we're coming to a very big waterfall. 

[Owl] Please, no interruptions. 

[Owl] Ah, there you are, Pooh Bear. Now, to continue my story. 

[Christopher Robin] Look! There's Pooh ! Over here Pooh! 

Oh, hello Christopher Robin. 

Pooh, thank goodness you're safe. Have you seen Piglet? 

Excuse me, I'm here. What I mean is, here I am. 

Pooh ! You rescued Piglet! 

I did ? 

Yes. And it was a very brave thing to do. 

It was? 

You're our hero! 

I am 

And as soon as the flood is over I shall give you a hero party! 

(Hooray's from everybody!) 

[Christopher Robin] Attention everybody ! Now this party is a hero party, because of what someone did. And that someone is... 

[Eeyore] I found it. 

[Christopher Robin] Found what, Eeyore ? 

[Eeyore] House for Owl. 

[Owl] I say Eeyore, good job. 

[Piglet] Oh, isn't that wonderful. Where is it Eeyore? 

[Eeyore] If you want to follow me, I'll show it to you. 

So everyone followed Eeyore. Then to the surprise of all, Eeyore stopped right in front of... 

[Rabbit] Piglet's house? 

[Christopher Robin] Why are you stopping here Eeyore? 

[Eeyore] This is it. Owl's new house. 

[Rabbit] Oh dear. Mercy me. 

[Piglet] Oh dear. Mercy me too. 

[Eeyore] Name's on it and everything. W O L. That spells Owl. 

[Owl] Bless my soul. So it does! 

[Eeyore] Well, what do you think of it? 

[Christopher Robin] It is a nice house Eeyore, but... 

[Kanga] It is a lovely house Eeyore, but... 

[Piglet] It's, it's the best house in the whole world. 

[Pooh] Tell them it's your house Piglet. 

No Pooh. This house belongs (sniff) to our very good friend, Owl. 

[Pooh] But Piglet ! Where will you live? 

Well, I guess I shall live, I suppose I shall live- 

[Pooh] With me! You shall live with me! Won't you Piglet? 

With you? Oh, thank you Pooh Bear, of course I will. 

[Christopher Robin] Piglet, that was a very grand thing to do. 

[Rabbit] A heroic thing to do. 

[Pooh] Christopher Robin, can you make a one hero party into a two hero party? 

[Christopher Robin] Of course, we can, silly ol' bear. 

And so Pooh was a hero for saving Piglet, and Piglet was a hero for giving Owl his grand home in the beech tree. 

We never will forget our hero of the wet 

Our quick thinking unsinking Pooh bear 

And Piglet who indeed helped out a friend in need 

For truly they're the heroes of the day 

So we say Hip Hip Hooray for the Piglet and the Pooh 

Piglet and Pooh we salute you... 

... [Gopher] What's all that stomping and singing and silly shenanigans... 

for deeds of bravery and generosity 

Hip Hip Hooray 

Hip Hip Hooray 

Hip Hip Hooray for Winnie the Pooh 

[Piglet] And Piglet too.

The original version of this movie continues with the short: "WTP and A DAY FOR EEYORE" about Pooh-Sticks and Eeyore's Birthday.  The "Special Edition" continues here with: "Unbouncing Tigger".  We do not have the "special edition" and therefore could not continue with the transcript. If anyone else can complete the gaps in this transcript, please e-mail Topher's Castle at the.topher@juno.com .	

I'm sure ... Wasn't that fun Piglet? 

Yes Pooh, but, but the best party is when it stops. 

Well in the next chapter there's a great deal of bouncing. 

There is? Oh I think that I just remembered something that I forgot to do yesterday and can't be able to do tomorrow, so I suppose I really ought to go back and do it now. Ah, good bye Pooh. 

Good bye, Piglet. Now is the next chapter all about me? 

No, no, it's mostly about Tigger. 

Oh, bother. 

But you're in it. 

Oh good. What will I be doing? 

Well Pooh, you'll be sitting in your thoughtful spot, thinking as usual. 

Think, think, think. 

And while you were thinking all of a sudden- 

Hello Pooh! I'm Tigger! T I G G E R. And that spells Tigger. 

I know. You've bounced me before. 

I did? Oh, yes, I recall you now. You're the one with stuff and fluff. 

And you're sitting on it. 

Yeah, and it's comfy too. Well, I've got to go now. I've got a lot of bouncing to do. 

Well there goes Tigger, always bouncing in on his friends, who may least expect him. 

Hello Piglet! I'm Tigger! 

Oh Tigger! You scared me! 

Oh shucks, it was just one of my little pounces. 

It was? Oh thank you, Tigger. 

Oh yeah, I'm saving my best pounce for the long eared. 

There. That should .... Oh, no 

Hello Rabbit! I'm Tigger! T I double G 

Oh please, please, don't spell it. Oh, dear, oh dear, just look at my beautiful garden. 

Yuck, messy, isn't it? 

Messy, messy? It's ruined! It's ruined Tigger! Oh, why don't you ever stop bouncing? 

Why? That's what Tiggers do best! 

The wonderful thing about Tiggers 

Is Tiggers are wonderful things 

Their tops are made out of rubber 

Their bottoms are made out of springs 

They're bouncy, trouncy, flouncy, pouncy 

Fun, fun, fun, fun, FUN! 

But the most wonderful thing about Tiggers 

Is I'm the only one. 

I'm the only one 

Order! Order please! Now I say Tigger's getting so bouncy nowadays that it's time we taught him a lesson. No matter how much we like him! 

.... he just bounces too much. 

Er, excuse me Rabbit, but perhaps if we could think of a way of an unbouncing Tigger, it would be a very good idea. ha? 

Exactly! Just what I ... What do you feel Pooh? 

Pooh! Haven't you been listening to what Rabbit's been saying? 

I listened, but then I had a small piece of fluff in my ear. Could you say it again, please Rabbit? 

Well, where should I start from? 

From the moment the fluff got in my ear. 

When was that? 

I don't know, I couldn't hear properly. 

Pooh, we were just trying to think of a way to get the bounce out of Tigger. 

Aha, I've got a splendid idea! Now listen! We'll take Tigger for a long exploration some place where he's never been, and we lose him there. 

Lose him? 

Oh we'll find him again next morning, and mark my words, he'll be a humble Tigger. A small and sad Tigger. And "oh Rabbit am I glad to see you" Tigger. And it'll take the bounces out of him. That's why. Now all in favor say " Aye " 

Aye? Pooh! Pooh! 

Oh here. 

Good, just good..... 

So it was agreed that they would start the next morning, which incidentally turned out to be cold and misty. Pooh as usual had a little something along to sustain himself. Now as Tigger kept bouncing farther and farther into the mist, Rabbit thought it was a good time to lose Tigger. 

Here's our chance! Quick! Over here! Hide! 

Tigger's lost now, isn't he, Rabbit. 

Oh he is lost, all right Piglet. 

Oh goody, this is ...of funful. 

My splendid idea worked! Now home we go. 

Good, yum, yum, it's time for lunch. 

Hellooooo! 

Oh my goodness! Hide! 

Hellooooo! That's funny. We must be lost. HaLLOO! Hey you blokes, where are you? 

Shush! 

I am shushed. 

Hey! Where in the heck are you guys? Halloo! Rabbit! Piglet! Where are you? Halloo. 

Hooray, hooray we got it. Now come on, hurry. Let's head for home. 

Well, Rabbit was certain that everything was going according to plan. And so it seemed to be. But sometime later on the bottom of page 123- 

It's a funny thing everything looks the same in the mist. 

He's right Piglet, it's the very same sandpit. 

I think so too Pooh. 

Well it's lucky I know the forest so well, or we make it lost. Come on, follow me! 

Now Pooh was getting tired of seeing the same sandpit and he suspected it if following them about, because whichever direction they started in they always seemed to end up at it. 

Oh, Rabbit. 

Yes? 

Say Rabbit, how would it be if as soon as we are out of sight of this old pit we just try to find it again. 

..... 

Well, you see, we keep looking for home, but we keep finding this pit, so I .... that if we look for this pit we might find home. 

I don't see much sense in that. If I want ... this pit .... of course I should find it, I'll prove it for you, wait here. 

So Pooh and Piglet waited in the mist for Rabbit and they waited and waited and waited. And all awhile Pooh's thoughts kept returning to his honey pots at home. 

What, what was that Pooh? 

My tummy rumbled. Now then, come on, let's go home. 

But Pooh! Do you know the way? 

No Piglet, but there're 12 pots of honey in my cupboard and they have been calling to my tummy. 

They have? 

Yes Piglet. I couldn't hear them before because Rabbit went talk. I think I know where they're calling from so come on, we'll just follow my tummy. 

Well, they walked off together and for a long time Piglet said nothing so as not to interrupt Pooh's honey pots. And sure enough as the mist got thinner and just when Piglet began to know where he was- 

Hello there, you two blokes. Where have you been? 

We've been trying to find out our way back home. 

Pooh, I don't think Rabbit's splendid idea worked. 

Hey, where is the long eared, anyway? 

He must still be missing in the mist. 

Well, leave it to me, I'll bounce ........ 

Meanwhile Rabbit was still wandering around in the mist. By now he was lost and bewildered. And to make matters worse his mind was beginning to play tricks on him. 

What's that? Pooh? Piglet! Help! 

Hello Rabbit! 

Tigger! But, but you're supposed to be lost! 

Ah, Tiggers never get lost, bunny boy. 

Never get lost? 

Of course not. 

Oh no. 

Come on, Rabbit! Let's go home! Hang on! 

So they started back. And Rabbit was now a humiliated Rabbit. A lost and found Rabbit. And "oh why oh why do these things happen to me" Rabbit. 

And now we come to the next chapter in which the first snowfall had covered the Hundred Acre Wood. And in which Tigger learns that even bouncing can be overdone. On this they Roo was waiting for Tigger to take him out to play. 

Mama, when is Tigger gonna get here? 

Be patient, dear, he'll be - 

Well, here I am! I guess I surprised you Roo! 

You sure did! I like surprises! 

Hello Mrs. Kanga, ma'am! 

What ails you Tigger dear? 

She called me dear. Roo, are you ready for some bouncing? 

Yeah. You and me are big bouncers! 

Just a moment dear. Hold still! Goodness, you're bouncy today. 

...... 

... scarf... 

Not so tight, mama! 

Is your sweater warm enough? 

Yes, mother. 

Well, come on Roo, let's go! 

Tigger! .... And be careful! 

Don't worry, Mrs. Kanga. I'll take care of the little nipper. 

Ah, what a perfect day! Peace and quiet and thank goodness no Tigger. 

See, look, look! ...... long eared . 

Can Tiggers ice-skate, ...rabbit 

Can Tiggers ice-skate? Why, that's what Tiggers do the best! 

Say, this is a cinch. Hoooo, look out! 

Oh, why does it always have to be me? Why, why, why? 

Tigger, Tigger, are you all right? 

Yuck, Tiggers don't like ice-skating. 

So Tigger and Roo went farther into the Hundred Acre Wood looking for something that Tiggers do best. 

.... climb trees... Tigger. 

Climb trees? That's what Tiggers do best! Only Tiggers don't climb trees, they bounce them . Come on, let's go! I almost bounced clear out of the book! Fun bouncing? Say, how did this tree get so high? Hey, what's happening now? 

....swing.... 

Stop that kid, please! S T O P stop! You're rocking the forest! 

What's the matter, Tigger? 

Oh, thank goodness. I was just getting sea-sick from seeing too much. 

We just have to leave Tigger up in the tree top for a little while, because at the bottom of the next page Pooh is having a problem of his own. 

What are you doing Pooh? 

Shhh! Tracking something. 

Tracking what? 

Oh that's what I ask myself, Piglet. What? 

And what do you think ... answer .... 

Oh I shall have to wait until I catch up with it. 

Pooh, for a bear of very little brain, you're sure a .... 

Thank you, Piglet. 

Now what? 

A very mysterious thing Piglet. A whole new set of tracks! See? 

And so it seemed to be. There was a track joining each other here, getting mixed up with each other there. But to Pooh quite clearly four sets of paw marks. 

Piglet, whatever it was that made these tracks has now been joined by a whatever it is! 

Yes, and all of them are proceeding in company. 

Piglet, I wasn't exactly expecting company. 

Neither was I Pooh. 

So they went on feeling a little anxious now, in case the animals in front of them were of hostile intent. 

Halloo! 

Look, look, Piglet! There's something in that tree over there. 

Is that one of the fiercer animals? 

Yes. It's a Jagular. 

What do Jagulars do Pooh? 

Well, Jagulars always call " halloo" and when you look up they drop on you. 

I'm looking down, Pooh. 

Halloo! 

Hey Tigger, it's Pooh and Piglet! Pooh! Piglet! 

Why, it's only Tigger and Roo. Come on! 

Hallo Roo! Hey what are you and Tigger doing up there? 

I'm alright, but Tigger's stuck. 

Help somebody, please! Get Christopher Robin! 

Well it wasn't too long before word got back to Christopher Robin and the others that Tigger was in trouble. 

Hallo Pooh, hallo Piglet. What's up? 

Tigger and Roo are up. 

Oh my goodness! Roo how did you get way up there? 

Easy mama. We bounced up. 

Oh gracious. Do be careful dear! 

I'm all right mama, but Tigger's stuck. 

Oh, what a shame. That's too bad. 

No, that's good! ...he can't bounce anybody up there. 

Oh dear. We just have to get him down somehow. 

Down, down. Do we have to? 

Come on everyone! Let's hold the corner of my coat. 

You're first Roo! Jump! 

Try not to fall too fast dear! Oh thank goodness! 

Gee, that was fun! Come on Tigger! It doesn't hurt. Jump! 

You're next Tigger! Jump! 

Jump? Tiggers don't jump! They bounce. 

Then bounce down. 

Don't be ridiculous! Tiggers only bounce up! 

You can climb down Tigger. 

No, we Tiggers can't climb down because .... tail... 

Hooray! ... if he won't jump and he can't climb down then we just have to leave him up there forever . 

Forever? Oh if I ever get out of this I promise never to bounce again, never! 

I heard that Tigger! He promised! Did you hear him promise? I heard him! I heard him! You heard him, didn't you? Didn't you? 

Well Tigger, your bouncing really got you into trouble this time. 

Say, who're you? 

I'm the narrator. 

Oh well, please for goodness sake narrate me down from here. 

Very well. Hold on tight. 

You can let go now Tigger. 

Never. 

But Tigger! Look for yourself! You're perfectly safe.....what did I tell you Tigger. Come on. There we go. 

Oh good old ... I'm safe. ..happy I'm still bouncing. 

Ah, you promised, you promised! 

Oh, I did, didn't I. If you mean I can't ever bounce again? 

Never! 

Never? Not even just one incey wincey bounce? 

Not even a .... of a bounce! 

Oh the poor dear. Oh that's too bad. 

Christopher Robin? I like the old bouncing Tigger the best. 

So do I, Roo. 

I do too. 

Me too. 

Of course we all do. Don't you agree Rabbit? 

Well, Rabbit? 

I, there is a, what I mean, 

Well? 

Oh, all right. I guess I like the old Tigger better too. 

...you mean I can have my bounce back? Come on Rabbit! Let's you and me bounce! 

Good heavens! Me bounce? 

Why, certainly! Look! You get the feet for it! 

I have? 

Sure! Come on! Try it! And make you feel just right! 

..... Come on everybody! Bounce! 

The wonderful thing about Tiggers 

Is Tiggers are wonderful things 

Their tops are made out of rubber 

Their bottoms are made out of springs 

They're bouncy, trouncy, flouncy, pouncy 

Fun, fun, fun, fun, FUN! 

But the most wonderful thing about Tiggers 

Is I'm the only one. 

I'm the only one 

(GRRrrrrrr...) 

And so we come to the last chapter, in which Christopher Robin and Pooh come to the enchanted place, and we say goodbye. 

Goodbye? Oh no, please can't we go back to page one and do it all over again? 

Sorry Pooh, but all stories have an ending you know. 

Oh, bother. 

Yes the time had come at last. Christopher Robin was going away to school. Nobody else in the forest knew exactly why or where he was going, all they knew was it had something to do with twice times and how to make things called ABC and where a place called Brazil is. 

Pooh, what do you like doing best in the world? 

What I like best is me going to visit you and you saying " how about a ... of honey?" 

I like that too. But what I like best is just doing nothing. 

How do you do just nothing? 

Well, it's when the grown-ups ask" what are you going to do?" and you're saying nothing and then you go out and do it. 

I like that. Let's do it all the time! 

You know something Pooh? .... nothing any more. 

You mean never again? 

Well, not so much. Pooh, when I'm away just doing nothing will you come up here sometimes? 

You mean alone? Just me? 

Yes. And Pooh. Promise you won't forget me,ever? 

Oh I won't Christopher, I promise. 

Not even when I'm a hundred? 

How old shall I be then? 

99, silly old bear. 

Wherever they go and whatever happens to them on the way in that enchanted place on top of the forest a little bear will always be waiting. 

THE END





  
  Courtesy of: http://www.script-o-rama.com/movie_scripts/m/many-adventures-of-winnie-the-pooh-script.html
